Exercise 6
You will do a tutorial to be introduced with React. Once you are familiar with the library, 
you will redo your Calculator (vanilla Javascript) in React.

https://github.com/skydwagon/349_exercise6
https://dapper-crepe-833ed2.netlify.app

Documenting Your Results 

Questions: 

What were some of the challenges you encountered?

Some of the challenges I encountered while working on this exercise was primarily to do with 
actually downloading the file from the tutorial and reworking the calculator. For the file, 
what the tutorial described versus how to actually file -> export the tutorial files has been 
changed and not updated on the tutorial site. Instead of Menu -> File -> Export, as it was 
written, it was actually: Signin Via Github -> Dashboard -> Find Project -> 3 Dots -> Export. 
This took me an embarassingly long time to figure this out. The tutorial thankfully was very 
simple and actually fun to read and work along with. However, I had to redo the code of my 
calculator as the methods I used in exercise 3 were incorrect, so those mistakes needed to be 
corrected. 

Differentiate between Real DOM and Virtual DOM. List out a few Differences.

Real DOM is the actual browser representation of a webpage's structure while the Virutal DOM 
is a lightweight copy of it kept in the memory. Real DOM updates manipulate the rendered 
structure which triggers reflows and repaints, leading to lower performance. However, the 
Virtual DOM acts as a representation, it has a far more efficient updating method where it 
first makes changes to the copy, then comparing it to the Real DOM to apply selective updates.
Overall Real DOM reflects the present state of the webpage, while Virtual DOM optimizes and 
minimizes the impact of updates. 

What are some problems that React can solve for us?

React solves and implifies a few problems, specifically with building interfaces by breaking 
them down into reusable parts. These reusable parts can be used either in web development or 
in mobile applications due to cross platform compatibility, thus allowing for quicker 
development and maintenance. Additionally, its Virtual DOM only updates parts of the website 
that have been changed rather than reloading the entire application constantly, this speeds 
up web performance significantly. 